# Financial_reports

This project is for trying to achieve maxmum automation in generating financal reports.

There is no actual data available from a real company, therefore fiction data will be 
generated via Python random functions and stored in a relational databse.

The fiction company called OceanStream, operates in Managed Service(MS), software selling(SI), 
consulting service(CO), and in-house software development.  

OceanStream currently operates in US, is trying to expand to other countries.

OceanStream provides financial reports following IFRS, US GAAP to it's investors, external 
stakeholders as an obligation.It is equialy important to provide ad hoc reports to it's 
internal stakeholders - Board Directors, Business Units owners, Profit centres owners, so 
that internal stakeholders can make right decisions in time.

OceanStream currently has 3 Business Units(BU), increasing number of profit centres, cost
centres, and 3 new products under developement with increasing number of wbs codes. 

This project will be step by step showing all main stream reports generated by Excel,
Analytic tools such as Tableau, and Python with it's related library. Then compair with the 
efficiency, accruacy of these three ways.

Environment:
1.Database: Postgresql
2.Client:PgAdmin4 - host in local laptop, aim to immigrate to cloud
3.Python 3.6
4.Pandas
5.Numpy
6.Bokeh
7.Tkinter
More details to be added.

OceanStream financial reporting team
Lizzie Zhou
2021-03-01


To Install Posgres on Linux:
1. sudo apt update
2. sudo apt install postgresql postgresql-contrib

sudo -u postgres createuser --interactive
at promt, say user is financial_user; allow for super user
sudo -u postgres psql
sudo -u postgres psql -d test -a -f createTable.sql
psql --host=localhost --dbname=test --username financial_user



